[TP] Add deprecation warnings in the documentations for Pairwise parallel, sequence parallel and other prepare input/output functions (#111176)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/distributed.tensor.parallel.rst

.. autoclass:: torch.distributed.tensor.parallel.style.ColwiseParallel

>   :members:

Reviewer: We should also make sure ColwiseParallel and RowwiseParallel doc (i.e. __init__ doc) with the input_layouts, output_layouts, etc. appear in the doc

Author: I will add in the next PR.

Since Tensor Parallelism is built on top of DTensor, we need to specify the
DTensor layout of the input and output of the module so it can interact with
the module parameters and module afterwards. Users can achieve this by specifying

> the ``input_layouts`` and ``output_layouts`` which decide what the DTensor of inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``input_layouts`` and ``output_layouts`` which annotate inputs to DTensors and redistribute the outputs if needed.
```

and outputs.

If users only want to annotate the DTensor layout for inputs/outputs and no need to

> distribute its parameters, the following classes can be used in the ``parallelize_plan``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distribute its parameters, the following styles can be used in the ``parallelize_plan``
```

Author: But the following are actually styles?

of ``parallelize_module``:

.. currentmodule:: torch.distributed.tensor.parallel.style
.. autofunction::  PrepareModuleInput
.. autofunction::  PrepareModuleOutput

> Currently, there are some constraints which makes it hard for the ``MultiheadAttention``

Reviewer: Let's update this part of doc too:

Currently we recommend users to use ``ColwiseParallel``
and ``RowwiseParallel`` for each Linear/Embeeding layers to compose Attention Parallelization. There might be some code changes needed since we are parallelizing on the head dim of the ``MultiheadAttention`` module.

Author: sure.

Author: Maybe I should do this in the next PR.
